feat(content): Quarg Revamp Follow-up Adjustments (#11186)
endless-sky/endless-sky: data/quarg/quarg outfits.txt

	thumbnail "outfit/quarg peripheral repair hub"
	"mass" 25
	"outfit space" -25

> 	"fuel generation" 0.1

Author: ```suggestion
	"fuel generation" 0.025
```

	thumbnail "outfit/quarg central repair hub"
	"mass" 55
	"outfit space" -55

> 	"fuel generation" 0.21

Author: ```suggestion
	"fuel generation" 0.06
```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	"fuel generation" 0.07
```

	"hull repair rate" 2.5
	"hull energy" 1.25

> 	description "In a manner of which is not easily discernible to humans, this system collects ambient matter in space and feeds it back to the ship from a large central hub of wires and tubes. The accumulated matter is then used to both regenerate the ship's hull and refill its fuel reserves."

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
	description "In a manner which is not easily discernible to humans, this system collects ambient matter in space and feeds it back to the ship from a large central hub of wires and tubes. The accumulated matter is then used to both regenerate the ship's hull and refill its fuel reserves."
```

> 	description "In a manner of which is not easily discernible to humans, this system collects ambient matter in space and feeds it back to the ship from a large central hub of wires and tubes. The accumulated matter is then used to regenerate both the ship's hull and fuel composition, in essence repairing two of the most important constitutions used for space flight."

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
	description "In a manner of which is not easily discernible to humans, this system collects ambient matter in space and feeds it back to the ship from a large central hub of wires and tubes. The accumulated matter is then used to both regenerate the ship's hull and refill its fuel reserves."
```
Not sure how I feel about calling refueling "repairing the ship's fuel composition." Similarly, the last clause seems a bit redundant to me personally. Otherwise cool and epic and awesome
